.TH "can_open.c" 3 "11 Sep 2003" "can4linux" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
can_open.c \-  
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcan_open\fP (__LDDK_OPEN_PARAM)"
.br
.RI "\fIint open(const char *pathname, int flags); opens the CAN device for following operations\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
 
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
Heinz-Jürgen Oertel, port GmbH 
.PP
\fBRevision: \fP
.in +1c
 1.7  
.PP
\fBDate: \fP
.in +1c
 2003/08/27 13:06:27 
.PP
.SH "FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "int can_open (__LDDK_OPEN_PARAM)"
.PP
int open(const char *pathname, int flags); opens the CAN device for following operations
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIpathname\fP\fP
device pathname, usual /dev/can? 
.TP
\fB\fIflags\fP\fP
is one of \fCO_RDONLY\fP, \fCO_WRONLY\fP or \fCO_RDWR\fP which request opening the file read-only, write-only or read/write, respectively.The open call is used to 'open' the device. Doing a first initialization according the to values in the /proc/sys/Can file system. Additional an ISR function is assigned to the IRQ.
.PP
The CLK OUT pin is configured for creating the same frequency like the chips input frequency fclk (XTAL).
.PP
If Vendor Option \fIVendOpt\fP is set to 's' the driver performs an hardware reset befor initializing the chip.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
 open return the new file descriptor, or -1 if an error occurred (in which case, errno is set appropriately).
.PP
\fBERRORS\fP
.in +1c
 the following errors can occur 
.TP
 \fCENXIO\fP the file is a device special file and no corresponding device exists. 
.TP
 \fCEINVAL\fP illegal \fBminor\fP device number 
.TP
 \fCEINVAL\fP wrong IO-model format in /proc/sys/Can/IOmodel 
.TP
 \fCEBUSY\fP IRQ for hardware is not available 
.TP
 \fCEBUSY\fP I/O region for hardware is not available 
.PP
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for can4linux from the source code.
