.TH "can.h" 3 "15 Jun 2001" "can4linux" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
can.h \-  
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBcanmsg_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe CAN message structure.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBCommand_par\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL Command request parameter structure.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBConfig_par\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL Configuration request parameter structure.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBSend_par\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL Send request parameter structure.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBReceive_par\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL Receive request parameter structure.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBConfigureRTR_par\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL ConfigureRTR request parameter structure.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCAN_MSG_LENGTH\fP   8"
.br
.RI "\fImaximum length of a CAN frame.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMSG_RTR\fP   (1<<0)"
.br
.RI "\fIRTR Message.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMSG_OVR\fP   (1<<1)"
.br
.RI "\fIMessage overflow error.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMSG_EXT\fP   (1<<2)"
.br
.RI "\fIextended message format.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMSG_PASSIVE\fP   (1<<4)"
.br
.RI "\fIcontroller in error passive.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMSG_ERR_MASK\fP   (MSG_OVR + MSG_PASSIVE)"
.br
.RI "\fImask used for detecting CAN errors in the \fBcanmsg_t\fP flags field.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCOMMAND\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL command request.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONFIG\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL configuration request.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSEND\fP   2"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL request.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRECEIVE\fP   3"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL request.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONFIGURERTR\fP   4"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL request.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCMD_START\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fI---------- IOCTL Command subcommands.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCMD_STOP\fP   2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCMD_RESET\fP   3"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONF_ACCM\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fI---------- IOCTL Configure targets.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONF_ACCC\fP   1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONF_TIMING\fP   2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONF_OMODE\fP   3"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONF_FILTER\fP   4"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONF_FENABLE\fP   5"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONF_FDISABLE\fP   6"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBCommand_par\fP  \fBCommand_par_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL Command request parameter structure.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBConfig_par\fP  \fBConfig_par_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL Configuration request parameter structure.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBSend_par\fP  \fBSend_par_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL Send request parameter structure.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBReceive_par\fP  \fBReceive_par_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL Receive request parameter structure.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBConfigureRTR_par\fP  \fBConfigureRTR_par_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL ConfigureRTR request parameter structure.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
 
.PP
\fBAuthor(s): \fP
.in +1c
Heinz-Jürgen Oertel, port GmbH 
.PP
\fBRevision: \fP
.in +1c
 1.1.1.1  
.PP
\fBDate: \fP
.in +1c
 2001/06/11 18:30:54 
.PP
can4linux interface definitions
.PP
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for can4linux from the source code.