.TH "can.h" 3 "14 Sep 2001" "can4linux" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
can.h \-  
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS Data Structures

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBcanmsg_t\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe CAN message structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBCommand_par\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL Command request parameter structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBConfig_par\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL Configuration request parameter structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBCanSja1000Status_par\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL CAN controller status request parameter structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBSend_par\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL Send request parameter structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBReceive_par\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL Receive request parameter structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBConfigureRTR_par\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL ConfigureRTR request parameter structure.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Defines

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCAN_MSG_LENGTH\fR  8"
.br
.RI "\fImaximum length of a CAN frame.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMSG_RTR\fR  (1<<0)"
.br
.RI "\fIRTR Message.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMSG_OVR\fR  (1<<1)"
.br
.RI "\fICAN controller Msg overflow error.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMSG_EXT\fR  (1<<2)"
.br
.RI "\fIextended message format.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMSG_PASSIVE\fR  (1<<4)"
.br
.RI "\fIcontroller in error passive.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMSG_BUSOFF\fR  (1<<5)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMSG_\fR  (1<<6)"
.br
.RI "\fIcontroller in error passive.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMSG_BOVR\fR  (1<<7)"
.br
.RI "\fIreceive/transmit buffer overflow.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMSG_ERR_MASK\fR  (MSG_OVR + MSG_PASSIVE)"
.br
.RI "\fImask used for detecting CAN errors in the \fBcanmsg_t\fR flags field.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCOMMAND\fR  0"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL command request.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONFIG\fR  1"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL configuration request.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSEND\fR  2"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL request.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRECEIVE\fR  3"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL request.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONFIGURERTR\fR  4"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL request.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSTATUS\fR  5"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL status request.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCMD_START\fR  1"
.br
.RI "\fI---------- IOCTL Command subcommands.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCMD_STOP\fR  2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCMD_RESET\fR  3"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONF_ACC\fR  0"
.br
.RI "\fI---------- IOCTL Configure targets.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONF_ACCM\fR  1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONF_ACCC\fR  2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONF_TIMING\fR  3"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONF_OMODE\fR  4"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONF_FILTER\fR  5"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONF_FENABLE\fR  6"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONF_FDISABLE\fR  7"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Typedefs

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBCommand_par\fR  \fBCommand_par_t\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL Command request parameter structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBConfig_par\fR  \fBConfig_par_t\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL Configuration request parameter structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBCanSja1000Status_par\fR  \fBCanSja1000Status_par_t\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL CAN controller status request parameter structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBSend_par\fR  \fBSend_par_t\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL Send request parameter structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBReceive_par\fR  \fBReceive_par_t\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL Receive request parameter structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBConfigureRTR_par\fR  \fBConfigureRTR_par_t\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIOCTL ConfigureRTR request parameter structure.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
 
.PP
\fBAuthor(s): \fR
.in +1c
Heinz-Jürgen Oertel, port GmbH 
.PP
\fBRevision: \fR
.in +1c
 1.1.1.1  
.PP
\fBDate: \fR
.in +1c
 2001/06/11 18:30:54 
.PP
can4linux interface definitions
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for can4linux from the source code.